content/en/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH"
description: "Technical excellence for Cloud, Backend & CI/CD – Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH supports teams with stable, maintainable software solutions."
author: "Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH"
date: 2025-03-03
translationKey: "home"
---

## How We Help

We support international tech teams in building complex systems – with a focus on maintainability, automation, and developer experience.

[Learn more →](/en/services)

---

## Selected Projects

We work with enterprises and mid-sized companies on highly scalable platforms, data-driven backends, and resilient infrastructure.

[View references →](/en/projects)

---

## Book & Contact

We offer free initial consultations and technical consulting. Let's find out how we can help you or your team.


<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="10"/><polyline points="12 6 12 12 16 14"/></svg></span>[15 Min Introduction](https://cal.com/robintemme/15min)

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M12 2L2 7l10 5 10-5-10-5z"/><path d="M2 17l10 5 10-5"/><path d="M2 12l10 5 10-5"/></svg></span>[60 Min Tech Consulting](https://cal.com/robintemme/tech-consulting)

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 4h16c1.1 0 2 .9 2 2v12c0 1.1-.9 2-2 2H4c-1.1 0-2-.9-2-2V6c0-1.1.9-2 2-2z"/><polyline points="22,6 12,13 2,6"/></svg></span>[info@temme.cloud](mailto:info@temme.cloud)

[Go to contact page →](/en/contact)

---

## Our Partners

We work closely with selected partners who share our values and complement our expertise.

<div class="partners">
  <a href="https://frankeundschwarz.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo partner-card__logo--dark">
      <img src="/partners/franke-schwarz.png" alt="Franke und Schwarz">
    </div>
    <h3>Franke und Schwarz GmbH</h3>
    <p>Sales Transformation</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://friday-deployments.com" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/friday-deployments.svg" alt="Friday Deployments">
    </div>
    <h3>Friday Deployments GmbH</h3>
    <p>DevOps Consulting</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://sergo.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/sergo.svg" alt="SERGO GmbH">
    </div>
    <h3>SERGO GmbH</h3>
    <p>IT Services & Cloud</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://lormentalhealth.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/lor-mental-health.svg" alt="LOR Mental Health GmbH">
    </div>
    <h3>LOR Mental Health GmbH</h3>
    <p>Mental Health & Wellbeing</p>
  </a>
</div>

[View all partners →](/en/partners)

Commit message:

feat(assessment): add delivery assessment form and styles
* Create SCSS styles for the delivery assessment form.
* Implement HTML structure for assessment layout.
* Add contact form and results sections.
* Integrate i18n support for multiple languages.
* Include JavaScript for dynamic assessment functionality.
* Update main SCSS file to import new assessment styles.

content/en/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH"
description: "Technical excellence for Cloud, Backend & CI/CD – Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH supports teams with stable, maintainable software solutions."
author: "Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH"
date: 2025-03-03
translationKey: "home"
---

## How We Help

We support international tech teams in building complex systems – with a focus on maintainability, automation, and developer experience.

[Learn more →](/en/services)

---

## Delivery Assessment

How mature is your software delivery process? Our free assessment shows you in 2 minutes where you stand and where there's room for improvement.

<a href="/en/delivery-assessment/" class="btn-filled">Start Assessment →</a>

---

## Selected Projects

We work with enterprises and mid-sized companies on highly scalable platforms, data-driven backends, and resilient infrastructure.

[View references →](/en/projects)

---

## Book & Contact

We offer free initial consultations and technical consulting. Let's find out how we can help you or your team.


<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="10"/><polyline points="12 6 12 12 16 14"/></svg></span>[15 Min Introduction](https://cal.com/robintemme/15min)

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M12 2L2 7l10 5 10-5-10-5z"/><path d="M2 17l10 5 10-5"/><path d="M2 12l10 5 10-5"/></svg></span>[60 Min Tech Consulting](https://cal.com/robintemme/tech-consulting)

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 4h16c1.1 0 2 .9 2 2v12c0 1.1-.9 2-2 2H4c-1.1 0-2-.9-2-2V6c0-1.1.9-2 2-2z"/><polyline points="22,6 12,13 2,6"/></svg></span>[info@temme.cloud](mailto:info@temme.cloud)

[Go to contact page →](/en/contact)

---

## Our Partners

We work closely with selected partners who share our values and complement our expertise.

<div class="partners">
  <a href="https://frankeundschwarz.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo partner-card__logo--dark">
      <img src="/partners/franke-schwarz.png" alt="Franke und Schwarz">
    </div>
    <h3>Franke und Schwarz GmbH</h3>
    <p>Sales Transformation</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://friday-deployments.com" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/friday-deployments.svg" alt="Friday Deployments">
    </div>
    <h3>Friday Deployments GmbH</h3>
    <p>DevOps Consulting</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://sergo.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/sergo.svg" alt="SERGO GmbH">
    </div>
    <h3>SERGO GmbH</h3>
    <p>IT Services & Cloud</p>
  </a>
  <a href="https://lormentalhealth.de" target="_blank" class="partner-card">
    <div class="partner-card__logo">
      <img src="/partners/lor-mental-health.svg" alt="LOR Mental Health GmbH">
    </div>
    <h3>LOR Mental Health GmbH</h3>
    <p>Mental Health & Wellbeing</p>
  </a>
</div>

[View all partners →](/en/partners)
