content/en/privacy.md, before:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2025-03-03
robots: noindex
translationKey: "privacy"
aliases:
  - "/privacy"
  - "/en/privacy-policy"
---

## 1. Controller

The controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws is:

Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH

Grüntaler Straße 32

13357 Berlin

Germany

Email: [info@temme.cloud](mailto:info@temme.cloud)

Phone: +49 30 91698770

Managing Director: Robin Temme

Commercial Register: Amtsgericht Berlin-Charlottenburg, HRB 273232 B

---

## 2. General Information on Data Processing

We only process personal data insofar as this is necessary for the provision of a functional website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place only with consent or where processing is permitted by law.

---

## 3. Hosting and Delivery (Netlify)

We use Netlify to host and deliver our website. Netlify processes technical connection data (server log data), in particular:

- IP address
- Timestamps
- User agent/browser information
- Referrer URL
- Other technical metadata

This processing serves the secure operation and delivery of the website.

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in secure and reliable operation).

**International transfers:** Netlify describes cross-border transfers and safeguards in its [Privacy Policy](https://www.netlify.com/privacy/).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have engaged Netlify as a data processor (DPA pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR).

**Retention period:** Server log files are automatically deleted by Netlify after no more than 30 days.

---

## 4. Contact Form (Netlify Forms)

When you submit our contact form, we process the data you provide (name, email address, message; optionally company and phone number) to respond to your request and/or to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

The form submission is handled via Netlify Forms. Netlify may store form submissions in its system and send email notifications to us. Notifications are sent to info@temme.cloud.

**Recipients:**

- Internal recipients (responsible staff)
- Netlify (technical processing/storage)
- Fastmail Pty Ltd. (email hosting, see Section 7)

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures/contract performance) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (efficient communication).

**Consent:** Before submitting the form, you confirm by activating a checkbox that you have read this privacy policy.

**Retention period:** We delete inquiries once they have been conclusively processed, at the latest after 12 months, unless statutory retention obligations apply. Netlify form submissions are actively managed by us (export/deletion).

---

## 5. Appointment Booking (Cal.eu / Cal.com)

When you book an appointment via our website, we process the data you provide (name, email address, preferred appointment time, and any notes) to schedule and manage the appointment.

Appointment booking is handled via Cal.com / Cal.eu (Cal.com, Inc., 660 4th Street #405, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA; European instance Cal.eu).

**Data processed:**

- Name
- Email address
- Preferred appointment date/time
- Notes/message (if provided)

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures/contract performance) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in efficient appointment management).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have concluded a DPA with Cal.com.

**International transfers:** We use the European instance Cal.eu, which processes data within the European Economic Area (EEA). No transfer to third countries takes place in regular operation.

**Retention period:** Appointment data is deleted after the appointment has taken place, unless statutory retention obligations apply.

---

## 6. Delivery Check (Netlify Forms → GitLab Service Desk)

When you use the Delivery Check, we process the data you provide as well as the generated result data (answers, result score, timestamp) to provide you with the result and, where applicable, to prepare a proposal.

The submission is handled via Netlify Forms. For structured processing, the data is forwarded to GitLab Service Desk (GitLab.com), where a confidential ticket is created. Access is restrictively assigned.

**Provider:** GitLab Inc., 268 Bush Street #350, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA.

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (efficient handling of inquiries).

**Data Processing Agreement:** A GitLab Data Processing Addendum pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR is in place.

**International transfers:** The transfer to the USA is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR.

---

## 7. Email Hosting (Fastmail)

Our email traffic is handled via Fastmail (Fastmail Pty Ltd., Level 2, 114 William Street, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have concluded a DPA with Fastmail.

**International transfers:** Fastmail processes data in Australia. The transfer is based on appropriate safeguards, in particular the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR, which form part of the Fastmail Data Processing Addendum.

---

## 8. Processing in Additional Systems

We reserve the right to transfer inquiries received via info@temme.cloud to a CRM system for structured processing. In such a case, the provider will be contractually engaged as a data processor and this privacy policy will be updated accordingly.

---

## 9. Spam Protection (Akismet)

To protect against spam, form submissions received via Netlify Forms are automatically filtered by Akismet. Netlify states that all form submissions are spam-filtered using Akismet.

Content data of form submissions (e.g., message text and metadata) may be processed for automated classification. Further information is available in the [Akismet Privacy Policy](https://akismet.com/privacy/).

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in preventing abuse and spam).

---

## 10. Recipients and Categories of Recipients

Personal data is transmitted to the following recipients or categories of recipients:

| Recipient | Role | Purpose | Location |
|---|---|---|---|
| Netlify Inc. | Data processor | Hosting, form data processing | USA |
| Akismet (Automattic Inc.) | Sub-processor (via Netlify) | Spam filtering | USA |
| Fastmail Pty Ltd. | Data processor | Email hosting | Australia |
| Cal.com, Inc. (Cal.eu) | Data processor | Appointment booking | EEA (European instance) |
| GitLab Inc. | Data processor | Inquiry handling (Service Desk) | USA |

Data is not disclosed to any other third parties unless we are legally obliged to do so or you have given your express consent.

---

## 11. International Data Transfers

Some of the service providers we use process data outside the European Economic Area (EEA):

- **USA (Netlify, Akismet/Automattic, GitLab):** For Netlify, the transfer is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF) pursuant to Art. 45 GDPR. For Akismet (Automattic), the transfer is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR. For GitLab, the transfer is also based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR.
- **Australia (Fastmail):** The transfer is based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR, which form part of the Fastmail Data Processing Addendum.

Data processing agreements pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR are in place with all named service providers.

---

## 12. Retention Periods

- **Server log files (Netlify):** Automatically deleted after no more than 30 days.
- **Netlify form submissions:** Actively managed by us; deleted after export or conclusive processing.
- **Contact inquiries:** Deleted after conclusive processing, at the latest after 12 months.
- **Business correspondence:** Retained in accordance with statutory obligations (in particular § 147 AO, § 257 HGB) for up to 10 years.
- **Inquiries without business conclusion:** Deleted at the latest 6 months after conclusion of communication, unless statutory retention obligations apply.

---

## 13. Fonts (Self-Hosted)

This website uses the typefaces Houschka Rounded, Nunito Sans, and Ubuntu Mono. All fonts are hosted locally on our own server (self-hosting). No connections to external servers are established when loading fonts, and no data is transmitted to third parties.

---

## 14. Local Storage (localStorage)

This website uses your browser's localStorage feature for the following purposes:

- **Theme preference (dark/light mode):** Your chosen display preference is stored in localStorage so that it persists across visits. The entry remains until you manually clear it.
- **Delivery Check progress:** When you use the Delivery Check, your progress is stored in localStorage so that you can resume the questionnaire on a later visit. This entry is automatically deleted after 7 days.

No cookies are set. The stored data is not transmitted to third parties and is processed exclusively locally in your browser.

**Legal basis:** § 25(2) TTDSG (technically necessary storage for the provision of the service expressly requested by the user).

---

## 15. No Tracking or Analytics Tools

This website does not set cookies for tracking or analytics purposes. No analytics, advertising, or social media plugins are used.

This website contains links to our profiles on LinkedIn and Instagram. These are plain hyperlinks — no data is transmitted to these platforms when you visit our website. Only when you click such a link and visit the respective platform do their privacy policies apply. No social media plugins, tracking pixels, or embedded content from these platforms are used.

---

## 16. Your Rights as a Data Subject

You have the following rights regarding your personal data:

- **Right of access** (Art. 15 GDPR): You may request information about your personal data processed by us.
- **Right to rectification** (Art. 16 GDPR): You may request the immediate rectification of inaccurate or the completion of incomplete personal data stored by us.
- **Right to erasure** (Art. 17 GDPR): You may request the erasure of your personal data stored by us, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.
- **Right to restriction of processing** (Art. 18 GDPR): You may request the restriction of processing of your personal data.
- **Right to data portability** (Art. 20 GDPR): You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, or to request the transfer to another controller.
- **Right to object** (Art. 21 GDPR): Where your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing. This applies in particular to the processing of server log files and spam filtering.

To exercise your rights, please contact: [privacy@temme.cloud](mailto:privacy@temme.cloud)

---

## 17. Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR.

The competent supervisory authority for us is:

Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit

Friedrichstraße 219

10969 Berlin

Phone: +49 30 13889-0

Email: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de

Website: [https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de](https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de)

---

## 18. Objection to Promotional Emails

The use of contact data published as part of the legal notice obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby objected to. The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information.

---

## 19. Currency and Changes to this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is currently valid as of February 2026.

Due to the further development of our website or changes in legal or regulatory requirements, it may become necessary to amend this privacy policy. The current version can be accessed at any time on this page.

Commit message:

fix(privacy): correct font hosting description to reference Netlify CDN
Fonts are served via Netlify (the existing hosting provider), not from
a self-hosted server. Clarify that no external font services are used.

content/en/privacy.md, after:

---
title: "Privacy Policy"
date: 2025-03-03
robots: noindex
translationKey: "privacy"
aliases:
  - "/privacy"
  - "/en/privacy-policy"
---

## 1. Controller

The controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws is:

Temme Cloud & Tech GmbH

Grüntaler Straße 32

13357 Berlin

Germany

Email: [info@temme.cloud](mailto:info@temme.cloud)

Phone: +49 30 91698770

Managing Director: Robin Temme

Commercial Register: Amtsgericht Berlin-Charlottenburg, HRB 273232 B

---

## 2. General Information on Data Processing

We only process personal data insofar as this is necessary for the provision of a functional website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place only with consent or where processing is permitted by law.

---

## 3. Hosting and Delivery (Netlify)

We use Netlify to host and deliver our website. Netlify processes technical connection data (server log data), in particular:

- IP address
- Timestamps
- User agent/browser information
- Referrer URL
- Other technical metadata

This processing serves the secure operation and delivery of the website.

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in secure and reliable operation).

**International transfers:** Netlify describes cross-border transfers and safeguards in its [Privacy Policy](https://www.netlify.com/privacy/).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have engaged Netlify as a data processor (DPA pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR).

**Retention period:** Server log files are automatically deleted by Netlify after no more than 30 days.

---

## 4. Contact Form (Netlify Forms)

When you submit our contact form, we process the data you provide (name, email address, message; optionally company and phone number) to respond to your request and/or to take steps prior to entering into a contract.

The form submission is handled via Netlify Forms. Netlify may store form submissions in its system and send email notifications to us. Notifications are sent to info@temme.cloud.

**Recipients:**

- Internal recipients (responsible staff)
- Netlify (technical processing/storage)
- Fastmail Pty Ltd. (email hosting, see Section 7)

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures/contract performance) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (efficient communication).

**Consent:** Before submitting the form, you confirm by activating a checkbox that you have read this privacy policy.

**Retention period:** We delete inquiries once they have been conclusively processed, at the latest after 12 months, unless statutory retention obligations apply. Netlify form submissions are actively managed by us (export/deletion).

---

## 5. Appointment Booking (Cal.eu / Cal.com)

When you book an appointment via our website, we process the data you provide (name, email address, preferred appointment time, and any notes) to schedule and manage the appointment.

Appointment booking is handled via Cal.com / Cal.eu (Cal.com, Inc., 660 4th Street #405, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA; European instance Cal.eu).

**Data processed:**

- Name
- Email address
- Preferred appointment date/time
- Notes/message (if provided)

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures/contract performance) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in efficient appointment management).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have concluded a DPA with Cal.com.

**International transfers:** We use the European instance Cal.eu, which processes data within the European Economic Area (EEA). No transfer to third countries takes place in regular operation.

**Retention period:** Appointment data is deleted after the appointment has taken place, unless statutory retention obligations apply.

---

## 6. Delivery Check (Netlify Forms → GitLab Service Desk)

When you use the Delivery Check, we process the data you provide as well as the generated result data (answers, result score, timestamp) to provide you with the result and, where applicable, to prepare a proposal.

The submission is handled via Netlify Forms. For structured processing, the data is forwarded to GitLab Service Desk (GitLab.com), where a confidential ticket is created. Access is restrictively assigned.

**Provider:** GitLab Inc., 268 Bush Street #350, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA.

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (pre-contractual measures) and Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (efficient handling of inquiries).

**Data Processing Agreement:** A GitLab Data Processing Addendum pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR is in place.

**International transfers:** The transfer to the USA is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR.

---

## 7. Email Hosting (Fastmail)

Our email traffic is handled via Fastmail (Fastmail Pty Ltd., Level 2, 114 William Street, Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia).

**Data Processing Agreement:** We have concluded a DPA with Fastmail.

**International transfers:** Fastmail processes data in Australia. The transfer is based on appropriate safeguards, in particular the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR, which form part of the Fastmail Data Processing Addendum.

---

## 8. Processing in Additional Systems

We reserve the right to transfer inquiries received via info@temme.cloud to a CRM system for structured processing. In such a case, the provider will be contractually engaged as a data processor and this privacy policy will be updated accordingly.

---

## 9. Spam Protection (Akismet)

To protect against spam, form submissions received via Netlify Forms are automatically filtered by Akismet. Netlify states that all form submissions are spam-filtered using Akismet.

Content data of form submissions (e.g., message text and metadata) may be processed for automated classification. Further information is available in the [Akismet Privacy Policy](https://akismet.com/privacy/).

**Legal basis:** Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in preventing abuse and spam).

---

## 10. Recipients and Categories of Recipients

Personal data is transmitted to the following recipients or categories of recipients:

| Recipient | Role | Purpose | Location |
|---|---|---|---|
| Netlify Inc. | Data processor | Hosting, form data processing | USA |
| Akismet (Automattic Inc.) | Sub-processor (via Netlify) | Spam filtering | USA |
| Fastmail Pty Ltd. | Data processor | Email hosting | Australia |
| Cal.com, Inc. (Cal.eu) | Data processor | Appointment booking | EEA (European instance) |
| GitLab Inc. | Data processor | Inquiry handling (Service Desk) | USA |

Data is not disclosed to any other third parties unless we are legally obliged to do so or you have given your express consent.

---

## 11. International Data Transfers

Some of the service providers we use process data outside the European Economic Area (EEA):

- **USA (Netlify, Akismet/Automattic, GitLab):** For Netlify, the transfer is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF) pursuant to Art. 45 GDPR. For Akismet (Automattic), the transfer is based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR. For GitLab, the transfer is also based on Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR.
- **Australia (Fastmail):** The transfer is based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) pursuant to Art. 46(2)(c) GDPR, which form part of the Fastmail Data Processing Addendum.

Data processing agreements pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR are in place with all named service providers.

---

## 12. Retention Periods

- **Server log files (Netlify):** Automatically deleted after no more than 30 days.
- **Netlify form submissions:** Actively managed by us; deleted after export or conclusive processing.
- **Contact inquiries:** Deleted after conclusive processing, at the latest after 12 months.
- **Business correspondence:** Retained in accordance with statutory obligations (in particular § 147 AO, § 257 HGB) for up to 10 years.
- **Inquiries without business conclusion:** Deleted at the latest 6 months after conclusion of communication, unless statutory retention obligations apply.

---

## 13. Fonts (Self-Hosted)

This website uses the typefaces Houschka Rounded, Nunito Sans, and Ubuntu Mono. All fonts are part of the website and served via our hosting provider Netlify (see Section 3). No external font services (e.g., Google Fonts, Adobe Fonts) are used. Loading fonts does not involve any data transfer to third parties beyond the existing hosting provider.

---

## 14. Local Storage (localStorage)

This website uses your browser's localStorage feature for the following purposes:

- **Theme preference (dark/light mode):** Your chosen display preference is stored in localStorage so that it persists across visits. The entry remains until you manually clear it.
- **Delivery Check progress:** When you use the Delivery Check, your progress is stored in localStorage so that you can resume the questionnaire on a later visit. This entry is automatically deleted after 7 days.

No cookies are set. The stored data is not transmitted to third parties and is processed exclusively locally in your browser.

**Legal basis:** § 25(2) TTDSG (technically necessary storage for the provision of the service expressly requested by the user).

---

## 15. No Tracking or Analytics Tools

This website does not set cookies for tracking or analytics purposes. No analytics, advertising, or social media plugins are used.

This website contains links to our profiles on LinkedIn and Instagram. These are plain hyperlinks — no data is transmitted to these platforms when you visit our website. Only when you click such a link and visit the respective platform do their privacy policies apply. No social media plugins, tracking pixels, or embedded content from these platforms are used.

---

## 16. Your Rights as a Data Subject

You have the following rights regarding your personal data:

- **Right of access** (Art. 15 GDPR): You may request information about your personal data processed by us.
- **Right to rectification** (Art. 16 GDPR): You may request the immediate rectification of inaccurate or the completion of incomplete personal data stored by us.
- **Right to erasure** (Art. 17 GDPR): You may request the erasure of your personal data stored by us, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims.
- **Right to restriction of processing** (Art. 18 GDPR): You may request the restriction of processing of your personal data.
- **Right to data portability** (Art. 20 GDPR): You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, or to request the transfer to another controller.
- **Right to object** (Art. 21 GDPR): Where your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing. This applies in particular to the processing of server log files and spam filtering.

To exercise your rights, please contact: [privacy@temme.cloud](mailto:privacy@temme.cloud)

---

## 17. Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority

Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data infringes the GDPR.

The competent supervisory authority for us is:

Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit

Friedrichstraße 219

10969 Berlin

Phone: +49 30 13889-0

Email: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de

Website: [https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de](https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de)

---

## 18. Objection to Promotional Emails

The use of contact data published as part of the legal notice obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby objected to. The site operators expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information.

---

## 19. Currency and Changes to this Privacy Policy

This privacy policy is currently valid as of February 2026.

Due to the further development of our website or changes in legal or regulatory requirements, it may become necessary to amend this privacy policy. The current version can be accessed at any time on this page.
