content/en/services.md, before:

---
title: "Services"
description: "Backend Engineering, DevOps, Security – we deliver technical excellence."
date: 2025-03-03
translationKey: "services"
---

We help international tech teams turn complex challenges into working systems – with a clear focus on quality, maintainability, and developer experience.

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M22 11.08V12a10 10 0 1 1-5.93-9.14"/><polyline points="22 4 12 14.01 9 11.01"/></svg></span> Current Projects

Over the past years, we've worked on a variety of exciting projects. Here's a selection of our references.

### <span class="icon icon--img"><img src="/gitlab-logo.svg" alt="GitLab"></span> GitLab Platform Operations for Major Drugstore Chain

Building and operating an enterprise-wide GitLab infrastructure for over 1,000 developers. The project included migrating legacy systems, implementing self-service capabilities for teams, and integrating with existing enterprise toolchains.

- Highly available GitLab infrastructure on Kubernetes with automated scaling
- Multi-cloud deployment with AWS and GCP for maximum resilience
- Integration with Jira, Confluence, 1Password, Grafana, Snyk, and other enterprise tools
- Development of internal CLI tools and automations for developer self-service
- Training and documentation for internal platform teams

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 19.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 6.5 17H20"/><path d="M6.5 2H20v20H6.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4 19.5v-15A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 6.5 2z"/></svg></span> Data Processing at Digital Platform for Books & Audiobooks

Development and optimization of data pipelines for one of Europe's largest providers of digital media. The platform processes millions of records daily from various publisher sources and prepares them for delivery to end customers.

- Python-based ETL pipelines for e-book and audiobook metadata
- Real-time monitoring and alerting for production-critical data processes
- Performance optimization of existing batch jobs with significant runtime reduction
- Error analysis and debugging in complex, distributed systems
- CI/CD pipelines for automated testing and deployments

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="10"/><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="6"/><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="2"/></svg></span> Real-time System for Betting Platform

Greenfield development of a high-performance microservice system for an international sports betting platform. The system processes real-time events with minimal latency and must function reliably even during load peaks during major sporting events.

- New development in Go with focus on performance and maintainability
- Event-driven architecture with Kafka for reliable message processing
- Multi-environment CI/CD with automated rollbacks and feature flags
- Comprehensive observability with Prometheus, Grafana, and distributed tracing
- DevOps enablement: Workshops and training for internal teams (Docker, Kubernetes, GitLab CI)

Confidentiality is important to us – we only name specific clients upon request or after NDA.

<div class="section-green">
<div class="section-green__inner">

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="3" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="14" y="3" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="14" y="14" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="3" y="14" width="7" height="7"/></svg></span> Services

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="3" width="18" height="18" rx="2"/><path d="M3 9h18"/><path d="M9 21V9"/></svg></span> Backend Engineering
- Microservices in Go & Python
- REST, GraphQL, event-driven systems
- Database design & API security

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="3"/><path d="M19.4 15a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 .33 1.82l.06.06a2 2 0 0 1 0 2.83 2 2 0 0 1-2.83 0l-.06-.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.82-.33 1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1 1.51V21a2 2 0 0 1-2 2 2 2 0 0 1-2-2v-.09A1.65 1.65 0 0 0 9 19.4a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.82.33l-.06.06a2 2 0 0 1-2.83 0 2 2 0 0 1 0-2.83l.06-.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 .33-1.82 1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.51-1H3a2 2 0 0 1-2-2 2 2 0 0 1 2-2h.09A1.65 1.65 0 0 0 4.6 9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-.33-1.82l-.06-.06a2 2 0 0 1 0-2.83 2 2 0 0 1 2.83 0l.06.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.82.33H9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1-1.51V3a2 2 0 0 1 2-2 2 2 0 0 1 2 2v.09a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1 1.51 1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.82-.33l.06-.06a2 2 0 0 1 2.83 0 2 2 0 0 1 0 2.83l-.06.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-.33 1.82V9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.51 1H21a2 2 0 0 1 2 2 2 2 0 0 1-2 2h-.09a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.51 1z"/></svg></span> DevOps & Infrastructure
- GitLab CI/CD, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Puppet, Ansible
- Automation & platform operations (AWS, GCP, On-Prem)
- Monitoring, logging & secrets management

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M14.7 6.3a1 1 0 0 0 0 1.4l1.6 1.6a1 1 0 0 0 1.4 0l3.77-3.77a6 6 0 0 1-7.94 7.94l-6.91 6.91a2.12 2.12 0 0 1-3-3l6.91-6.91a6 6 0 0 1 7.94-7.94l-3.76 3.76z"/></svg></span> Developer Enablement
- CI/CD optimization & tooling
- Internal documentation & platform support
- Workshops & training (GitLab, k8s, Go, etc.)

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="11" width="18" height="11" rx="2" ry="2"/><path d="M7 11V7a5 5 0 0 1 10 0v4"/></svg></span> Security & Compliance
- Authentication, authorization, API security
- Least privilege, auditing, secrets management
- Consulting on GDPR & technical security measures

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M17 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-4-4H5a4 4 0 0 0-4 4v2"/><circle cx="9" cy="7" r="4"/><path d="M23 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-3-3.87"/><path d="M16 3.13a4 4 0 0 1 0 7.75"/></svg></span> Our Network
- Proven partner network: DevOps and security experts, data engineers, designers (UI/UX), embedded and reverse engineering specialists – and more.
- Tailored teams: We form the core team and expand specifically with the right expertise.
- Scalable and fast: From occasional support to complete project teams.
- Secure and compliant: NDA, clear access models, clean documentation.

[View our partners →](/en/partners)

Need something that's not listed here?
Just reach out – we like to think outside the box and stay technology-agnostic.

</div>
</div>

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M17 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-4-4H5a4 4 0 0 0-4 4v2"/><circle cx="9" cy="7" r="4"/><path d="M23 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-3-3.87"/><path d="M16 3.13a4 4 0 0 1 0 7.75"/></svg></span> Community Projects

Besides client work, we also support non-profit projects and cultural venues with our expertise:

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="10"/><path d="M8 14s1.5 2 4 2 4-2 4-2"/><line x1="9" y1="9" x2="9.01" y2="9"/><line x1="15" y1="9" x2="15.01" y2="9"/></svg></span> 800A Bar & Cabaret

Tech partnership for a Berlin cultural venue: event technology (sound & lighting), in-house IT (WiFi, backup solutions) and web development – currently in progress.

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M9 18V5l12-2v13"/><circle cx="6" cy="18" r="3"/><circle cx="18" cy="16" r="3"/></svg></span> Saitengenie

A practice tool for string instruments. Saitengenie offers interactive exercises for guitar, bass, and ukulele – ideal for beginners and anyone who wants to improve their fretboard knowledge.

[saitengenie.de →](https://saitengenie.de)

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"><path d="M22 16.92v3a2 2 0 0 1-2.18 2 19.79 19.79 0 0 1-8.63-3.07 19.5 19.5 0 0 1-6-6 19.79 19.79 0 0 1-3.07-8.67A2 2 0 0 1 4.11 2h3a2 2 0 0 1 2 1.72 12.84 12.84 0 0 0 .7 2.81 2 2 0 0 1-.45 2.11L8.09 9.91a16 16 0 0 0 6 6l1.27-1.27a2 2 0 0 1 2.11-.45 12.84 12.84 0 0 0 2.81.7A2 2 0 0 1 22 16.92z"/></svg></span> Buchstab

A simple tool for spelling out texts. Buchstab converts inputs into various spelling alphabets – German alphabet, NATO alphabet, or Ukrainian alphabet.

[buchstab.cloud24.dev →](https://buchstab.cloud24.dev)

Do you have a cool idea for a non-profit project or a cultural venue that needs technical support? Reach out – we're happy to support community projects with our expertise and time.

[Propose a project →](/en/contact)

---

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M22 11.08V12a10 10 0 1 1-5.93-9.14"/><polyline points="22 4 12 14.01 9 11.01"/></svg></span> Where Do You Stand?

Our Delivery Check shows you in 2 minutes how mature your CI/CD and delivery process is – and where you can improve.

<a href="/en/delivery-check/" class="btn-filled">Start Delivery Check</a>

---

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 4h16c1.1 0 2 .9 2 2v12c0 1.1-.9 2-2 2H4c-1.1 0-2-.9-2-2V6c0-1.1.9-2 2-2z"/><polyline points="22,6 12,13 2,6"/></svg></span>[Get in touch →](/en/contact)

Commit message:

feat(community): update community program titles and styles
* Adjust titles for clarity and responsiveness
* Add new CSS classes for better text handling

content/en/services.md, after:

---
title: "Services"
description: "Backend Engineering, DevOps, Security – we deliver technical excellence."
date: 2025-03-03
translationKey: "services"
---

We help international tech teams turn complex challenges into working systems – with a clear focus on quality, maintainability, and developer experience.

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M22 11.08V12a10 10 0 1 1-5.93-9.14"/><polyline points="22 4 12 14.01 9 11.01"/></svg></span> Current Projects

Over the past years, we've worked on a variety of exciting projects. Here's a selection of our references.

### <span class="icon icon--img"><img src="/gitlab-logo.svg" alt="GitLab"></span> GitLab Platform Operations for Major Drugstore Chain

Building and operating an enterprise-wide GitLab infrastructure for over 1,000 developers. The project included migrating legacy systems, implementing self-service capabilities for teams, and integrating with existing enterprise toolchains.

- Highly available GitLab infrastructure on Kubernetes with automated scaling
- Multi-cloud deployment with AWS and GCP for maximum resilience
- Integration with Jira, Confluence, 1Password, Grafana, Snyk, and other enterprise tools
- Development of internal CLI tools and automations for developer self-service
- Training and documentation for internal platform teams

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 19.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 6.5 17H20"/><path d="M6.5 2H20v20H6.5A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 4 19.5v-15A2.5 2.5 0 0 1 6.5 2z"/></svg></span> Data Processing at Digital Platform for Books & Audiobooks

Development and optimization of data pipelines for one of Europe's largest providers of digital media. The platform processes millions of records daily from various publisher sources and prepares them for delivery to end customers.

- Python-based ETL pipelines for e-book and audiobook metadata
- Real-time monitoring and alerting for production-critical data processes
- Performance optimization of existing batch jobs with significant runtime reduction
- Error analysis and debugging in complex, distributed systems
- CI/CD pipelines for automated testing and deployments

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="10"/><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="6"/><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="2"/></svg></span> Real-time System for Betting Platform

Greenfield development of a high-performance microservice system for an international sports betting platform. The system processes real-time events with minimal latency and must function reliably even during load peaks during major sporting events.

- New development in Go with focus on performance and maintainability
- Event-driven architecture with Kafka for reliable message processing
- Multi-environment CI/CD with automated rollbacks and feature flags
- Comprehensive observability with Prometheus, Grafana, and distributed tracing
- DevOps enablement: Workshops and training for internal teams (Docker, Kubernetes, GitLab CI)

Confidentiality is important to us – we only name specific clients upon request or after NDA.

<div class="section-green">
<div class="section-green__inner">

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="3" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="14" y="3" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="14" y="14" width="7" height="7"/><rect x="3" y="14" width="7" height="7"/></svg></span> Services

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="3" width="18" height="18" rx="2"/><path d="M3 9h18"/><path d="M9 21V9"/></svg></span> Backend Engineering
- Microservices in Go & Python
- REST, GraphQL, event-driven systems
- Database design & API security

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><circle cx="12" cy="12" r="3"/><path d="M19.4 15a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 .33 1.82l.06.06a2 2 0 0 1 0 2.83 2 2 0 0 1-2.83 0l-.06-.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.82-.33 1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1 1.51V21a2 2 0 0 1-2 2 2 2 0 0 1-2-2v-.09A1.65 1.65 0 0 0 9 19.4a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.82.33l-.06.06a2 2 0 0 1-2.83 0 2 2 0 0 1 0-2.83l.06-.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 .33-1.82 1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.51-1H3a2 2 0 0 1-2-2 2 2 0 0 1 2-2h.09A1.65 1.65 0 0 0 4.6 9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-.33-1.82l-.06-.06a2 2 0 0 1 0-2.83 2 2 0 0 1 2.83 0l.06.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.82.33H9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1-1.51V3a2 2 0 0 1 2-2 2 2 0 0 1 2 2v.09a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1 1.51 1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.82-.33l.06-.06a2 2 0 0 1 2.83 0 2 2 0 0 1 0 2.83l-.06.06a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-.33 1.82V9a1.65 1.65 0 0 0 1.51 1H21a2 2 0 0 1 2 2 2 2 0 0 1-2 2h-.09a1.65 1.65 0 0 0-1.51 1z"/></svg></span> DevOps & Infrastructure
- GitLab CI/CD, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Puppet, Ansible
- Automation & platform operations (AWS, GCP, On-Prem)
- Monitoring, logging & secrets management

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M14.7 6.3a1 1 0 0 0 0 1.4l1.6 1.6a1 1 0 0 0 1.4 0l3.77-3.77a6 6 0 0 1-7.94 7.94l-6.91 6.91a2.12 2.12 0 0 1-3-3l6.91-6.91a6 6 0 0 1 7.94-7.94l-3.76 3.76z"/></svg></span> Developer Enablement
- CI/CD optimization & tooling
- Internal documentation & platform support
- Workshops & training (GitLab, k8s, Go, etc.)

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><rect x="3" y="11" width="18" height="11" rx="2" ry="2"/><path d="M7 11V7a5 5 0 0 1 10 0v4"/></svg></span> Security & Compliance
- Authentication, authorization, API security
- Least privilege, auditing, secrets management
- Consulting on GDPR & technical security measures

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M17 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-4-4H5a4 4 0 0 0-4 4v2"/><circle cx="9" cy="7" r="4"/><path d="M23 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-3-3.87"/><path d="M16 3.13a4 4 0 0 1 0 7.75"/></svg></span> Our Network
- Proven partner network: DevOps and security experts, data engineers, designers (UI/UX), embedded and reverse engineering specialists – and more.
- Tailored teams: We form the core team and expand specifically with the right expertise.
- Scalable and fast: From occasional support to complete project teams.
- Secure and compliant: NDA, clear access models, clean documentation.

[View our partners →](/en/partners)

Need something that's not listed here?
Just reach out – we like to think outside the box and stay technology-agnostic.

</div>
</div>

## <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M17 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-4-4H5a4 4 0 0 0-4 4v2"/><circle cx="9" cy="7" r="4"/><path d="M23 21v-2a4 4 0 0 0-3-3.87"/><path d="M16 3.13a4 4 0 0 1 0 7.75"/></svg></span> Community Program

With our Community Program we support Berlin-based cultural venues, small businesses, and non-profits with approachable IT help – from security coaching to open tech office hours.

[Go to the Community Program →](/en/community-program/)

---

### <span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M22 11.08V12a10 10 0 1 1-5.93-9.14"/><polyline points="22 4 12 14.01 9 11.01"/></svg></span> Where Do You Stand?

Our Delivery Check shows you in 2 minutes how mature your CI/CD and delivery process is – and where you can improve.

<a href="/en/delivery-check/" class="btn-filled">Start Delivery Check</a>

---

<span class="icon"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2"><path d="M4 4h16c1.1 0 2 .9 2 2v12c0 1.1-.9 2-2 2H4c-1.1 0-2-.9-2-2V6c0-1.1.9-2 2-2z"/><polyline points="22,6 12,13 2,6"/></svg></span>[Get in touch →](/en/contact)
